Batch of small fixes (#2247)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/privacy/faq.md

- Appcues
- Vero
- Google Analytics
- Customer.io
- Optimizely Full Stack

> Segment cannot guarantee that data is deleted from your Destinations. When you issue a user deletion request, Segment forwards the request to supported streaming Destinations. You must still contact these Destinations to confirm that they have executed the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment cannot guarantee that data is deleted from your Destinations. When you issue a user deletion request, Segment forwards the request to supported streaming Destinations. You must still contact these Destinations to confirm that they've executed the request.
```
